liam can you please tell me the name of
the band that you would like
to save and send through to next week's
final
oh the band that i want to save is new
priority
here who do you want to send food at the
final
the band that i would like to save
is since september
one bought each
jesse
the band i want to send through to the
final is new party
that is 2-1 perry if you go
for since september it will be a split
vote perry please give us the name of
the band you would like to save and send
through the final
of the search
the band i want to save
is since september here
we've got a split as the two bands have
two votes each little mix
you now have to agree which band you'd
like to send through to the final next
week
i just feel like we're both so
passionate like split down the middle
it's mad because i feel like you two
have always been passionate about since
september
i literally feel sick i'm gonna have to
push you
for an answer i'm not backing down i
might i'm not i'm not
someone's gonna have to back down i'm
gonna fight
till the end for this band in particular
because i just it's just my heart is
just
i i don't think you apparently know who
they are yes but
you could see they wanted like they
could put in it from sensitivity no i
could i could
i think we just based on what we've just
saw in that performance
i think you should i think we should go
i think we should keep sensitive i think
we should
guys i'm so sorry i know this is
incredibly difficult
leanne i'm going to come to you as the
spokesperson for the group
which band are you going to put through
the final and save
the band that we're going to put through
to the final
is since september
i'm so sorry guys has it been
a positive experience overall it's been
an experience money could never pay for
you know i mean
so we have to thank you and yeah we
ain't gonna stop
i'd be very surprised if this is the
last week of you boys i'd be very
surprised
please give it up for new priority
you've been absolutely incredible thank
you love thank you so much
congratulations since september you are
through to the final of little mix the
[Applause]
[Music]
search
you